OAuth specification is deployed, such as whether the mandatory use https encryption, with or without the mandatory deployment of OAuth 2.0. Authorization applications for mobile application will note the presence or absence of self-browser, with or without Note that the information in the return process information protection, these require textual problems. 
OAuth protocol itself is no problem, but on the use of standardized protocols are debatable. 
In fact, the technical differences between a large open platform, so the platform is not the same for each version of the protocol, OAuth 1.0, OAuth 2.0 or mixed technology systems (even 
There continue to use unsafe Basic Auth). Also, if you go look at what the various national development document open platform will find that although the overall process OAuth broadly similar, But for authorization define each with various standards, treat the developer's attitude is different, restrictions on authorized also each with various standards to protect the user's account also each have their own Argument. 
For example when it comes to treat their own interests with the "forbidden", "ban on a home development platform," the words, but it involves the interests of the user account becomes a "should" and "not encouraging" and so forth. For another example, For failure to audit applications pending applications, and applications are not restricted by the audit, there were only two platforms to limit the number of users, the other schools are just a little bit restricted call frequency times 
The number of sources and do not show it. On the whole, the domestic implementation of the deployment on the OAuth protocol standard is the result of an integrated developer and platform game.

If you are new to this space, and consider yourself a security expert, use 2.0 after careful examination of its features. If you are not an expert, either use 1.0 or copy the 2.0 implementation of a provider you trust to get it right. 2.0 is better for large scale, but if you are running a major operation, you probably have some security experts on site to figure it all out for you.

LinkedIn's unstandard implementation.